[MOS-307] Application and Service example and docs (#3663)
mudita/MuditaOS: module-sys/SystemManager/doc/ServicesSynchronization.md

## Service Manifest

Each service should export its manifest. The manifest may contain the following information:
- name
- dependencies to other services
- start timeout

> **WARNING**: Currently there is no failsafe mechanism to handle service startup failure - it will cause non-handled exception `SystemInitialisationError{"System startup failed: unable to start a system service."};`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**WARNING**: Currently there is no fail-safe mechanism to handle service startup failure - it will cause non-handled exception `SystemInitialisationError{"System startup failed: unable to start a system service."};`
```
